Eminem has 19 songs on the charts.
Mac Miller has 12 songs on the charts.
Halsey has 10 songs on the charts.
Post Malone has 9 songs on the charts.
Juice WRLD has 8 songs on the charts.
Billie Eilish has 5 songs on the charts.
Roddy Ricch has 5 songs on the charts.
XXXTENTACION has 4 songs on the charts.
Young Thug has 4 songs on the charts.
Travis Scott has 4 songs on the charts.
Harry Styles has 4 songs on the charts.
DaBaby has 4 songs on the charts.
Ed Sheeran has 3 songs on the charts.
NLE Choppa has 3 songs on the charts.
Lil Tecca has 3 songs on the charts.
Khalid has 3 songs on the charts.
Lil Baby has 3 songs on the charts.
Lil Uzi Vert has 3 songs on the charts.
YNW Melly has 3 songs on the charts.
Lauv has 2 songs on the charts.
Marshmello has 2 songs on the charts.
Lil Nas X has 2 songs on the charts.
Polo G has 2 songs on the charts.
Trippie Redd has 2 songs on the charts.
Lewis Capaldi has 2 songs on the charts.
Selena Gomez has 2 songs on the charts.
Don Toliver has 2 songs on the charts.
Doja Cat has 2 songs on the charts.
blackbear has 2 songs on the charts.
Jonas Brothers has 2 songs on the charts.
Mustard has 2 songs on the charts.
The Weeknd has 2 songs on the charts.
Arizona Zervas has 2 songs on the charts.
Dreamville has 1 song on the charts.
Luke Combs has 1 song on the charts.
Tame Impala has 1 song on the charts.
Dan + Shay has 1 song on the charts.
Calboy has 1 song on the charts.
Chance the Rapper has 1 song on the charts.
Tyga has 1 song on the charts.
Ali Gatie has 1 song on the charts.
benny blanco has 1 song on the charts.
Stunna 4 Vegas has 1 song on the charts.
SHAED has 1 song on the charts.
Old Dominion has 1 song on the charts.
Russ has 1 song on the charts.
21 Savage has 1 song on the charts.
Internet Money has 1 song on the charts.
Megan Thee Stallion has 1 song on the charts.
Jhené Aiko has 1 song on the charts.
The 7 Dimensions has 1 song on the charts.
Diplo has 1 song on the charts.
Ariana Grande has 1 song on the charts.
Idina Menzel has 1 song on the charts.
24kGoldn has 1 song on the charts.
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie has 1 song on the charts.
Tyle has 1 song on the charts.
Moneybagg Yo has 1 song on the charts.
Y2K has 1 song on the charts.
Surfaces has 1 song on the charts.
Matthew Wilder has 1 song on the charts.
Flipp Dinero has 1 song on the charts.
Lil Tjay has 1 song on the charts.
Meek Mill has 1 song on the charts.
Ellie Goulding has 1 song on the charts.
Conan Gray has 1 song on the charts.
Bad Bunny has 1 song on the charts.
Rich The Kid has 1 song on the charts.
Joji has 1 song on the charts.
The Black Eyed Peas has 1 song on the charts.
Quality Control has 1 song on the charts.
Olivia Rodrigo has 1 song on the charts.
Ant Saunders has 1 song on the charts.
Shawn Mendes has 1 song on the charts.
Lil Mosey has 1 song on the charts.
Noah Cyrus has 1 song on the charts.
JP Saxe has 1 song on the charts.
YoungBoy Never Broke Again has 1 song on the charts.
Chris Brown has 1 song on the charts.
Lizzo has 1 song on the charts.
J. Cole has 1 song on the charts.
TOKYO’S REVENGE has 1 song on the charts.
Baby Keem has 1 song on the charts.
Drake has 1 song on the charts.
000 Hours (with Justin Bieber)" has 1 song on the charts.
Maroon 5 has 1 song on the charts.
JACKBOYS has 1 song on the charts.
KAROL G has 1 song on the charts.
BTS has 1 song on the charts.
Camila Cabello has 1 song on the charts.
BROCKHAMPTON has 1 song on the charts.
Dua Lipa has 1 song on the charts.
Justin Bieber has 1 song on the charts.
Tones and I has 1 song on the charts.
Trevor Daniel has 1 song on the charts.
Future has 1 song on the charts.
Artist has 1 song on the charts.
